Programming Priority
  1. Creating player who is able to aim and shoot bullets
      a. Mouse to aim and spacebar to shoot
  2. Programming bullet movement
      a. Bullets need to bounce off the wall at the same angle that they hit it
      b. Bullets must only hit walls a maximum of three times
      c. Bullets go at a constant speed (not too fast)
  3. Adding enemies into the game
      a. Must make them die when hit by a bullet
  4. Create the design of a level
      a. Chose where player and enemy are positioned
  5. Create barriers inside the level for the bullets to bounce off of
      a. Add the ability to open the gates that can be in between walls with a button that needs to be hit by a bullet (see ReadMe for description of gate openers)
  6. Design level to end if enemy is hit, ammo is depleted, or timer runs out
      a. You chose how much ammo and time the player has for each level to make it hard but playable
      b. Make sure the player goes back to level 1 if they lose a level
      c. Make sure the player moves on to the next level if they succeed
  7. Add coins into the game for the player to collect
  
Dropped functions:
  -Battle royal
  -Two player mode
  
Everything else is codable

12 Day Plan:

Day 1 = Create player who's aim follows the mouse (see lines 7 and 38 of the tech spec)
Day 2 = Code the player to be able to fire a bullet in the direction of the angle they are aiming (see line 8 of tech spec)
Days 3-4 = Code bullet to be able to bounce off of walls for a maximum of three times at a constant speed at the correct angle (see lines 40-84 of tech spec)
Days 5 = Add enemies who are able to die with one bullet that makes the enemy vanish (see lines 85-124 of tech spec)
Day 6 = Chose where the enemy and player should be placed in the level (see lines 364-365)
Days 7-9 = Add the barriers inside the four game walls with gates and the buttons to open them inside the levels (make sure that the barriers are placed in a way that the levels get harder each level but not impossible) (see lines 356-403 of tech spec)
Days 10-12 = Design the end conditions for each level (out of ammo, timer running out, or killing all the enemies) and make sure that the player either moves on to the next level if they win or that they go back to level 1 if they lose the level (See lines 283-318, 248-282 of tech spec)

3 Optional Days:

Days 1-3 = Add coins into each level for the player to collect (see lines 319-355)
    - The reason this takes 3 days is that to make it possible to collect the coin and still win each level the coder might have to change some of the variables in each level like ammo amount and where the barriers are positioned
